Readme (#3)
lambdaclass/million_requests_per_second: README.md

Million Requests per Second
=====

In this project we set up a server that accepts connections from a number of clients, and relays the messages each one sends to the rest of the connected clients.

### Server

> Handles client subscription/unsubscription. Echoes messages received from one client to the rest.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handles client subscribe/unsubscribe. 
- Broadcasts messages received from one client to the rest.  
```

### Client

> Sends a message to server every `n` seconds. Receives messages sent from other clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Subscribe/unsubscribe from the server.
- Sends a message to the server every `N` seconds.
- Receives messages from the server (originally sent by another client).
```
